[cli] Add exit code for processing errors (#4991)
pmd/pmd: docs/pages/pmd/userdocs/cli_reference.md

keywords: [command, line, options, help, formats, renderers]
permalink: pmd_userdocs_cli_reference.html
author: Tom Copeland <tom@infoether.com>, Xavier Le Vourch <xlv@users.sourceforge.net>, Juan Martín Sotuyo Dodero <juansotuyo@gmail.com>

> last_updated: May 2024 (7.2.0)

Author: ```suggestion
last_updated: June 2024 (7.3.0)
```

                            The valid values are the standard character sets of `java.nio.charset.Charset`."
               default="UTF-8"
    %}
    {% include custom/cli_option_row.html options="--[no-]fail-on-processing-error"
               description="Specifies whether PMD exits with non-zero status if processing errors occurred.

>                             By default PMD exits with status 5 if processing errors or violations are found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            By default PMD exits with status 5 if recoverable errors occurred (whether there are violations or not).
```

>                             Disable this option with `--no-fail-on-processing-error` to exit with 0 instead and just write the report."

Reviewer: I think it should be made clear here that even if the option is enabled we will write a report.

## Exit Status

> Please note that if PMD detects any violations, it will exit with status 4 (since 5.3) or 5 (since 7.2.0).

Author: ```suggestion
Please note that if PMD detects any violations, it will exit with status 4 (since 5.3) or 5 (since 7.3.0).
```

This behavior has been introduced to ease PMD integration into scripts or hooks, such as SVN hooks.

<table>
<tr><td>0</td><td>Everything is fine, no violations found and no recoverable error occurred.</td></tr>
<tr><td>1</td><td>PMD exited with an exception.</td></tr>
<tr><td>2</td><td>Usage error. Command-line parameters are invalid or missing.</td></tr>
<tr><td>4</td><td>At least one violation has been detected, unless <code>--no-fail-on-violation</code> is set.<p>Since PMD 5.3.</p></td></tr>
<tr><td>5</td><td>At least one recoverable error has occurred. There might be additionally zero or more violations detected.

>     To ignore recoverable errors, use <code>--no-fail-on-error</code>.<p>Since PMD 7.2.0.</p></td></tr>

Author: ```suggestion
    To ignore recoverable errors, use <code>--no-fail-on-error</code>.<p>Since PMD 7.3.0.</p></td></tr>
```
